Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S.
♪
Carly: JACK.
STAY WITH US.
♪
Leo: CROW, STOP.
YOU SAW WHAT HAPPENED
TO JACK OUT THERE.
YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
Luna: LEO'S RIGHT,
DON'T GO OUT THERE.
Crow: FIRST OF ALL, I'VE
GOTTA DO IT FOR OUR FRIEND.
THEN THERE'S THAT.
THE ONLY WAY TO MAKE THAT
GO AWAY IS TO WIN THIS DUEL.
MC: TEAM NEW WORLD'S JAKOB
IS READY TO CONTINUE DUELING.
THAT'S MY CUE.
MC: HERE COMES CROW!
Jakob: I ACTIVATE
GRANEL ATTACK'S ABILITY.
ONCE A TURN, THE MONSTER
THAT GRANEL ABSORBED,
CAN BE FORCED TO
ATTACK YOUR MONSTER.
YOU'RE GOING TO ATTACK
ME WITH JACK'S DRAGON?
GO, FOOLISH SYNCHRO MONSTER--
ELIMINATE YOUR OWN TEAMMATE!
AAH! AAH!
Crow: [THINKING]
I'VE GOT NOTHING!
I CAN'T BEAT HIM!
[GASPS]
I MAY NOT BE ABLE
TO TAKE THIS GUY OUT,
BUT I CAN LEAVE A LITTLE
SOMETHING BEHIND FOR MY FRIEND.
MY LAST ACTION
WILL TAKE ME DOWN,
BUT IT'LL SET YUSEI UP.
YOUR BACK IS
AGAINST THE WALL.
RAGE BACK WITH
EVERYTHING YOU'VE GOT.
SHOW ME YOUR STRENGTH
AND SYNCHRO SUMMON.
TRY TO PROVOKE ME ALL YOU WANT.
I'M NOT SUMMONING
MY SYNCHRO MONSTER
JUST SO THAT YOU
CAN STEAL IT AWAY
AND TURN IT
AGAINST MY FRIEND.
YOU'RE SO NAIVE.
GRANEL INFINITY,
ATTACK CROW DIRECTLY.
GO FINAL BOMBARDMENT!
[ALL GASP]
AAAH! AAAH!
MC: IT'S OVER!
CROW HAS BEEN
DECIMATED BY JAKOB.
THE BATTLE PHASE
HASN'T ENDED, PAL.
AND I'VE GOT A SURPRISE.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON.
♪
Yusei: [THINKING] CROW,
YOU RISKED EVERYTHING
TO PASS YOUR
DRAGON ON TO ME.
I WON'T LET YOU DOWN.
MC: THE BATON
HAS BEEN PASSED.
BOTH TEAMS ARE DOWN
TO THEIR LAST DUELIST.
IT'S A ONE-ON-ONE BATTLE
BETWEEN JAKOB AND YUSEI FUDO!
♪
Man: ♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU COULD WIN ♪
♪ ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET
DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN'
ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNING SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN'
ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN
A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS
THRUSTS ITSELF ♪
♪ INTO OUR LIVES ♪
♪
MC: WITH THE ARRIVAL
OF TEAM 5D'S YUSEI FUDO,
THE WORLD RACING GRAND
PRIX HAS FORAYED INTO
ITS EXCITING FINALE.
I KNOW NOT WHY
YOUR TEAMMATE CROW
LEFT YOU WITH A
SYNCHRO MONSTER.
BUT I DO KNOW THAT MY
MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL
CAN ABSORB
SYNCHRO MONSTERS.
SO I'LL SIMPLY
CONSIDER THIS BEAST
TO BE A PARTING
GIFT FROM HIM.
Lester: THIS COULDN'T HAVE
WORKED OUT BETTER FOR US.
CROW IS GONE AND HIS SYNCHRO
MONSTER WILL SOON BE OURS.
Primo: LET'S NOT
CELEBRATE YET, LESTER,
WE STILL HAVE
YUSEI TO DEAL WITH.
AND IT'S A SAFE BET THAT HE'LL
BE PUTTING UP QUITE A FIGHT.
YOU GIVE HIM FAR
TOO MUCH CREDIT.
I GIVE CREDIT
WHERE CREDIT IS DUE.
BUT STILL,
MAKE NO MISTAKE,
HE WILL BE DEALT
WITH HARSHLY.
Akiza: SO WHAT'S
YOUR TAKE ON
WHY CROW JUST SUMMONED
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON, BRUNO?
Bruno:
I WISH I KNEW,
BECAUSE IF THAT MEKLORD
EMPEROR'S ABLE TO ABSORB HIM IN
LIKE HE'S ALREADY TAKEN
IN RED NOVA DRAGON,
WE'LL BE THROUGH.
(BOTH MOANING)
♪
KEEP FIGHTING, YUSEI,
WITH ALL YOUR HEART.
[BLACK-WINGED DRAGON ROARS]
Yusei: [THINKING] THERE'S
NOT A QUESTION IN MY MIND.
I KNOW EXACTLY WHY CROW LEFT ME
THAT BLACK-WINGED
DRAGON SYNCHRO MONSTER.
IT'S BECAUSE UP
UNTIL THIS POINT,
ALL THE SUCCESS WE'VE HAD IN
THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX,
WE'VE HAD AS A TEAM.
CROW LEFT ME
THAT CARD BECAUSE
HE THOUGHT IT
COULD HELP ME WIN.
AND NOW I'M GONNA DO MY
BEST TO PROVE HIM RIGHT.
FOR TEAM 5D'S!
LET'S REV IT UP!
FIRST I SUMMON FORTH
WAVE WALL IN DEFENSE MODE.
THEN I'LL END THINGS
WITH TWO FACEDOWNS.
CROW, I PROMISE
NOT TO LET YOU DOWN.
♪
LIKE A MOTH
TO THE FLAME,
TEAM 5D'S MUST HAVE KNOWN
THAT SUMMONING A SYNCHRO
WOULD LEAD TO
THEIR DESTRUCTION.
YET STILL, THEY COULDN'T
RESIST-- NO MATTER.
IT WILL BE MY PLEASURE TO MAKE
THEM PAY FOR THEIR FOOLISHNESS.
IT'S MY TURN NOW.
AND I SHALL USE IT NOT TO
ABSORB BLACK-WINGED DRAGON,
BUT TO DESTROY IT.
MEKLORD EMPEROR
GRANEL, ATTACK.
NO-- IF JAKOB CONNECTS
WITH THIS STRIKE,
GRANEL ATTACK'S
ABILITY WILL ACTIVATE
AND TAKE OUT ALL OF
YUSEI'S LIFE POINTS!
AAGH!
YUSEI.
[EXPLOSION]
I'M ACTIVATING WAVE
WALL'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
NOW, FOR EVERY SYNCHRO
MONSTER ON MY FIELD,
I CAN NEGATE YOUR
MONSTER'S ATTACK ONE TIME.
CLEVER BOY.
ALL RIGHT!
SO LONG AS YUSEI STILL HAS
THAT BLACK-WINGED
DRAGON OUT ON THE FIELD,
GRANEL WON'T BE ABLE
TO GET A HOLD OF HIM.
YEAH, 'CAUSE
IT WON'T MATTER
THAT MEKLORD EMPEROR IS
MADE OF FIVE MONSTERS.
GRANEL CAN ONLY
ATTACK ONCE.
RIGHT, AND IF HE CAN'T
CONNECT WITH THAT ATTACK,
ALL OF ITS
ATTACK POINTS
ARE COMPLETELY
AND UTTERLY USELESS!
MY, HE'S DOING WELL.
YES, FOR NOW.
BUT WE BOTH KNOW
IT WON'T LAST.
Jakob: NOT ONCE OUR
TRUE POWER IS UNLEASHED.
I ACTIVATE THE
TRAP ATTACK CANNON.
WHEN MEKLORD EMPEROR FAILS TO
DESTROY YOUR MONSTER IN BATTLE,
I CAN SEND THE GRANEL ATTACK
ON MY FIELD TO THE GRAVEYARD,
IN ORDER TO DESTROY
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS.
AND I'LL BET YOU CAN GUESS
WHICH MONSTER IT'LL BE.
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON, BE GONE.
OH!
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
OH.
THAT'S IT, TIME TO
GO FULL THROTTLE.
I'M PLAYING A TRAP CARD.
GO SHADOW IMPULSE.
Computer Voice:
If a Synchro Monster
on your field
is destroyed,
the Trap Shadow Impulse
lets you summon a Synchro
that has the same
level and type.
WAIT-- THAT'S THE TRAP
THAT CROW LEFT OUT.
NOW JAKOB, SINCE YOUR TRAP
CARD DESTROYED MY MONSTER,
I CAN NOW REPLENISH MY
FIELD WITH A NEW ONE.
BUT BOTH ITS ATTACK POINTS
AND ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
MUST BE CANCELED OUT.
NOW THEN, RISE
STARDUST DRAGON!
[STARDUST DRAGON ROARS]
WAY TO GO, YUSEI.
YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
STARDUST DRAGON IS ONE OF
YUSEI'S VERY BEST CARDS.
AND YOU KNOW HE'S GONNA GET
THE BEST OF JAKOB WITH IT.
YUSEI, KEEP FIGHTING, PAL.
WE BELIEVE IN YOU.
SO YOU WERE ABLE TO AVOID
MY EMPEROR'S ATTACK.
BUT DON'T THINK IT
WILL HAPPEN AGAIN.
IT DOESN'T MATTER HOW MANY
CARDS AND MONSTERS YOU PLAY.
THEY'RE ALL HEADING
TOWARDS THE SAME END.
SURE, MAYBE ONE
PUTS UP A FIGHT.
BUT GUESS WHAT?
TELL ME, JAKOB.
FIGHTING SIMPLY
POSTPONES THE INEVITABLE.
THERE'S NO ESCAPING
WHAT FATE HAS IN STORE.
A FATE THAT YOU'LL SOON BE
MEETING YOURSELF, YUSEI.
YOU AND ALL YOUR FRIENDS.
AND THERE'S NOTHING
YOU CAN DO TO STOP IT.
MEKLORD EMPEROR'S LEFT
ARM NOW REVIVES ITSELF.
BUT WITH EVEN
GREATER POWER.
BEHOLD, GRANEL ATTACK 3!
[METAL CLANGING]
NO-- NOW HIS MEKLORD EMPEROR
IS WHOLE ONCE MORE.
INDEED, YUSEI.
AND SINCE I HAVE AT
LEAST 4 SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN ACTIVATE
SILENT BURN.
WHICH MEANS THAT
FOR EVERY MONSTER
THAT DIDN'T ATTACK THIS TURN,
YOU TAKE 300 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
SAY WHAT?
SO, FOR THE FOUR PARTS
OF MY MEKLORD EMPEROR
THAT I KEPT AT BAY,
YOU NOW TAKE 1200
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
AAAHH!
[EXPLOSION]
AH!
♪
I'M RATHER ENJOYING YOUR
REFUSAL TO ACCEPT DEFEAT.
BUT YOU STILL CAN'T
MATCH THE MIGHT
OF MY MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
KEEP PLAYING
YOUR MIND GAMES,
BUT I KNOW THERE'S
JUST ONE PERSON
WHO CONTROLS
MY FATE, JAKOB.
AND THAT ONE PERSON IS ME.
YOU FOOL.
YOU HAVE NO CONCEPT OF THE
POWERS THAT YOU'RE UP AGAINST,
DO YOU?
WELL, ALLOW ME TO SHOW YOU.
♪
WHAT IN THE WORLD?
MY MARK!
IT'S GLOWING.
LUNA!
HUH?
WHAT IS THIS?
WHAT'S HAPPENING HERE?
JAKOB IS ABOUT
TO ENLIGHTEN THEM.
♪
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHERE ARE WE?
WHOA!
OH NO-- WE'RE FALLING!
NO, WE'RE FLOATING.
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
SOME PLACE WITHOUT
A LOT OF GRAVITY.
YUSEI.
I SAW THIS IN A DREAM I
HAD BEFORE ABOUT MY DAD.
HUH?
♪
WHAT'S THAT ON THE GROUND?
DO WE WANNA KNOW?
IT'S LIKE A CARD GRAVEYARD.
GRAVE WHAT?
Bruno:[THINKING]
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
HUH?
LOOK THERE!
THAT'S THE ARCHWAY BUILT
OVER THE DAEDULUS BRIDGE!
IMPOSSIBLE!
HOW'D IT GET HERE?
WAIT, ARE WE DREAMING?
Jakob: THIS IS NO DREAM.
THIS IS THE FUTURE.
THE FUTURE OF THE PLACE THAT
YOU CALL NEW DOMINO CITY.
AND WITH EACH TICK OF THE CLOCK,
WE ARRIVE CLOSER TO THIS FUTURE.
YOU'VE LOST IT!
WAIT-- HOW IS
THIS OUR FUTURE?
TELL US, NOW.
BY WAY OF CHAIN
REACTION, YOU FOOL.
A REACTION THAT ALL STARTS WITH
YOUR PRECIOUS SYNCHRO MONSTERS.
WATCH CLOSELY
AND I WILL SHOW YOU
HOW SYNCHROS TOOK
OVER THE WORLD.
AND DESTROYED
THE HUMAN RACE.
Crowd: I SYNCHRO SUMMON.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON.
WHO ARE THEY?
THEY ARE THE SPAWNS
OF THE SYNCHRO.
AS DUELING EVOLVED, THE
WORLD EVOLVED ALONG WITH IT.
AND WITH THE GREAT
POPULARITY OF SYNCHRO MONSTERS
CAME GREAT PROSPERITY.
WHY, THE PEOPLE OF NEW DOMINO
ENJOYED SYNCHRO
SUMMONING SO MUCH,
THAT THE ACTIVITY GENERATED
ENORMOUS AMOUNTS OF ENER-D.
THIS ENER-D POWERED
THE ENER-D REACTOR.
THE MORE ENER-D
THIS REACTOR ABSORBED,
THE MORE POWERFUL IT BECAME.
AND IN TURN, THE MORE
QUICKLY THE WORLD EVOLVED.
HA, HA, HA.
THAT'S RIGHT!
BUT THERE WAS A
STEEP PRICE TO PAY.
AND GUESS WHO PAID IT?
HA, HA, HA!
WE DID!
HUH?
AH!
♪
THOSE ARE MEKLORDS!
[EXPLOSIONS]
♪
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
THEY'RE DESTROYING THE CITY.
LOOK, DOWN THERE.
IS THAT... LESTER?
YES, IT IS;
IT'S ME AS A BOY.
BUT MY CHILDHOOD
ENDED ON THAT DAY.
AND THAT WAS JUST
THE BEGINNING.
♪
[GUNFIRE]
[EXPLOSION]
UNH!
♪
HUH?
MY LIEUTENANT'S BLASTER.
WHAT HAVE YOU
DONE WITH HER?
AAHH!
Jakob: HUMANITY'S GREEDINESS
HAD FINALLY REACHED ITS PEAK.
AND THAT'S WHEN
THE ENER-D REACTOR
STARTED TO ROTATE BACKWARDS
AND ZERO REVERSE
OCCURRED AGAIN.
AS IF IT WAS RESPONDING
TO THE BACKWARDS NATURE
THAT WAS RESIDING
IN PEOPLE'S HEARTS.
IT WENT FASTER AND FASTER
AND SOON, IT EXPLODED.
THIS TRIGGERED OTHER
ENER-D REACTORS TO SURGE.
AND THE WORLD AS WE KNEW IT,
BEGAN TO CHANGE FOR THE WORSE.
YOU LIE!
I REFUSE TO BELIEVE THAT ZERO
REVERSE HAPPENED AGAIN, JAKOB.
YOU CAN REFUSE ALL YOU
LIKE BUT IT'S THE TRUTH.
I KNOW BECAUSE I
WAS THERE, YUSEI.
THIS WAS MY ERA AND I SAW
IT ALL HAPPEN FIRST HAND.
FOR WHATEVER REASON,
DESTINY CHOSE ME TO
SURVIVE THIS CALAMITY.
AND AFTER I DID, THERE WAS
NOT MUCH TO DO BUT WALK.
SO I WANDERED THE EARTH
LOOKING FOR ANYONE.
ANYTHING.
HELLO?
[ECHOING]
IS ANYBODY OUT THERE?
ANYONE?
[ECHOING]
ANSWER ME!
THERE WAS NO ANSWER.
JUST THE ECHO
OF MY OWN VOICE.
THE ECHO OF WHAT ONCE WAS.
SO YOU'RE SAYING,
THIS IS OUR FUTURE?
♪
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?
THAT WASN'T
A DREAM, WAS IT?
IF IT WAS,
I HAD IT TOO.
♪
[ENGINES ROAR]
YOU PAINT A DREADFUL PICTURE.
AND YOU PIN ALL
THE BLAME ON SOMETHING
I PUT MY DEEPEST FAITH IN.
SYNCHRO SUMMONING.
IF THIS IS SO, THEN
YOUR FAITH IS MISPLACED.
I TELL YOU,
YUSEI FUDO,
THE POWER OF THE SYNCHRO
SUMMON IS FESTERING
WITH ALL THE THINGS
THAT MAKE MANKIND WICKED.
LIKE ANY GREAT
POWER, IF MISUSED,
IT COULD CAUSE GREAT HARM.
BUT IF CHAMPIONED
BY THE RIGHTEOUS,
IT CAN CREATE GOOD.
YES, THAT'S JUST WHAT
EVERYONE WAS SAYING
BEFORE THE WORLD CRUMBLED.
YOU'RE WRONG.
OUR FATE'S NOT SET.
AND SOMEHOW
I'LL PROVE IT!
♪
JAKOB, MY DRAW.
I SUMMON THE TUNER MONSTER,
MONO SYNCHRON.
♪
AND NOW ITS ABILITY
WILL ACTIVATE.
WHEN MONO SYNCHRON IS
USED TO SYNCHRO SUMMON,
ANOTHER SYNCHRO MATERIAL
CARD'S LEVEL BECOMES 1.
♪
WHICH MEANS WAVE WALL'S
LEVEL IS REDUCED.
NOW, LEVEL 1 MONO SYNCHRON
TUNE WITH LEVEL 1 WAVE WALL.
BEHOLD, AS BOTH
POWER AND SPEED
SURGE TOWARDS EACH OTHER
AND COLLIDE TO CREATE
THE SYNCHRO TUNER.
FORMULA SYNCHRON.
BUT GUESS WHAT,
THERE'S MORE.
LOTS MORE, JAKOB.
BUT BETTER THAT
I JUST SHOW YOU.
HERE GOES!
I TUNE LEVEL 2 FORMULA SYNCHRON
WITH LEVEL 8 STARDUST DRAGON.
♪
LET THE SPIRIT OF ALL DUEL
MONSTERS NOW SPREAD ITS WINGS,
AND SOAR TO NEW HEIGHTS
WHERE IT CAN BE TRANSFORMED.
I ACCEL SYNCHRO,
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON.
♪
[SHOOTING STAR DRAGON ROARS]
NOW I PLAY SHOOTING
STAR'S ABILITY.
WHICH MEANS ONCE PER TURN,
I CAN LOOK AT THE TOP
FIVE CARDS IN MY DECK.
AND FOR EVERY TUNER MONSTER I
FIND, I CAN ATTACK YOU ONE TIME.
♪
HERE IT GOES.
THE FIRST CARD IS A TUNER
MONSTER, DRILL SYNCHRON.
THE SECOND CARD IS ONE
AS WELL, DEBRIS DRAGON.
THE THIRD CARD, ANOTHER
ONE: NITRO SYNCHRON.
AND FOURTH-- YET ANOTHER TUNER!
QUICKDRAW SYNCHRON.
AND NOW, FIFTH.
THE TUNER MONSTER,
EFFECT VEILER.
♪
FIVE TUNERS.
THAT MEANS FIVE ATTACKS.
SO GO!
SHOOTING STAR ATTACK!
♪
HERE COMES THE FIRST ONE.
TARGET GRANEL ATTACK 3.
RED NOVA DRAGON, TAKE
OUT THAT SHOOTING STAR.
♪
[RED NOVA DRAGON ROARS]
I DON'T THINK SO.
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
SYNCHRO STRIKER UNIT.
NOW STRIKER BECOMES AN EQUIP
CARD FOR MY SYNCHRO MONSTER.
AND INCREASES ITS
ATTACK POINTS BY 1000.
♪
BUT DUE TO GRANEL
CARRIER'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
RED NOVA DRAGON'S
DESTRUCTION IS NEGATED.
MAYBE, BUT YOU
STILL TAKE DAMAGE.
UGH!
CHECK IT OUT.
GRANEL'S POINTS
ARE LOWER NOW.
JAKOB'S POINTS ARE TOO.
AND THEY'RE GONNA
KEEP GETTING LOWER.
HERE COMES THE SECOND ATTACK.
[EXPLOSION]
♪
AND NOW THE THIRD.
TARGET GRANEL ATTACK 3.
♪
AAAHH.
HERE COMES NUMBER FOUR,
TARGET GRANEL TOP.
♪
YAAAAAGGHH!
HE DID IT!
ALL RIGHT.
GRANEL'S FINALLY BEEN
CUT DOWN TO SIZE, LEO.
YOU GOT THAT
RIGHT, LUNA.
AND NOW IT'S GO TIME!
PREPARE YOURSELF.
IT'S TIME FOR MY
FIFTH AND FINAL ATTACK.
TARGET MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL.
[EXPLOSIONS]
AND SINCE MEKLORD
GRANEL'S BEEN BEAT,
ALL YOUR OTHER
MONSTERS, JAKOB,
ARE NOW DESTROYED.
AARGH!
WE'VE REACHED THE TURN'S
END PHASE AND THAT MEANS
SHOOTING STAR MUST NOW REDUCE
ITS ASSAULT POWER BY 800 POINTS.
THEN LASTLY, I'LL
THROW TWO FACEDOWNS.
[SHOOTING STAR DRAGON ROARS]
THAT'S MY TURN.
THE POWER OF SYNCHRO SUMMONING
CAN'T BE ALL BAD, JAKOB.
AFTER ALL, I WAS ABLE TO USE
IT TO KNOCK YOU DOWN A NOTCH.
SO NOW MAYBE YOU SEE,
THE DESTINY YOU SPEAK
OF ISN'T FOR CERTAIN.
IT'S CLEAR YOU DON'T
UNDERSTAND HOW DESTINY WORKS.
NOT ONLY IS IT STILL CERTAIN,
YOUR ACTIONS JUST NOW
HAVE HELPED USHER IT ALONG.
HUH?
AND BECAUSE THEY HAVE, I'M NOW
FORCED TO TAKE DRASTIC MEASURES.
APORIA!
INDEED.
APORIA?
YOU NEED NOT ASK WHO APORIA
IS, FOR WORDS CANNOT ANSWER.
BUT I WILL SHOW YOU!
♪
AT LONG LAST.
THIS BATTLE CAN NOW BE
FOUGHT WITH ALL OF OUR POWERS.
AND IN ONE SPIFFY PACKAGE.
♪
WHOA, WHO ARE YOU?
I AM APORIA.
♪